doc: updating glossary with Wi-Fi related terms (#10014)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/glossary.rst

   Buffer Status Report (BSR)

>       Carries the information on the amount of data available for each Logical Channel Group (LCG) from UE to eNB.

Author: Fixed.

>    Carrier-sense multiple access with collision avoidance (CSMA/CA)

Author: I took this from Wikipedia and it has hyphen there.

   Data Terminal Ready (DTR)
      A control signal in RS-232 serial communications transmitted from data terminal equipment, such as a computer, to data communication equipment.

>    Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM)

Reviewer: Worth adding TIM as well

Reviewer 2: @udaynordic please review this. I don't think this definition is correct - it doesn't follow the beacon, but rather is an element of the beacon ? And not sure we need unicast/multicast/broadcast discussion.

Reviewer 3: DTIM is a message in a beacon sent for every DTIM period. This is a message present in the beacon frame. 
from spec:  11.2.1.3 TIM types
Two different TIM types are distinguished: TIM and DTIM. After a DTIM, the AP shall send out the buffered
broadcast/multicast MSDUs using normal frame transmission rules, before transmitting any unicast
frames.
The AP shall transmit a TIM with every beacon. Every DTIMPeriod, a TIM of type “DTIM” is transmitted
within a beacon, rather than an ordinary TIM.

Author: @udaynordic Please, check whether the description is good enough now. Left out the unicast/multicast part and changed the beginning as in your suggestion.

>       A message that is sent following the beacon broadcast from a router or access point.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      A message that is sent following the beacon broadcast from a router or an access point.
```

      It determines when the device is awake and asleep.

>       When broadcast and multicast data are sent, DTIM wakes up the device so that the data can be received.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      When broadcast and multicast data are sent, DTIM wakes up the device to receive the data.
```

   Data Terminal Ready (DTR)
      A control signal in RS-232 serial communications transmitted from data terminal equipment, such as a computer, to data communication equipment.

   Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM)
      A message in a beacon sent for every DTIM period.
      This is a message present in the beacon frame.

>       It determines when the device is awake and asleep.

Reviewer 3: Can we have something like below? 
Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM) is a kind of TIM which informs the clients about the presence of buffered multicast/broadcast data on the access point. It is generated within the periodic beacon at a frequency specified by the DTIM Interval.

   Data Terminal Ready (DTR)
      A control signal in RS-232 serial communications transmitted from data terminal equipment, such as a computer, to data communication equipment.

   Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM)
      A type of :term:`Traffic Indication Map (TIM)` that informs the clients about the presence of buffered multicast or broadcast data on the access point.
      It is generated within the periodic beacon at a frequency specified by the DTIM Interval.

>       This is a message present in the beacon frame.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is redundant based on the one before. Delete.
```suggestion
```

>       It determines when the device is awake and asleep.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      It is utilised by the device to control wake and sleep periods.
```

      A server-hosted downstream copy of an upstream :term:`repository <Repository>` that intends to follow the changes made in the original upstream repository as time goes by, while at the same time keeping some other changes unique to it.
      It can be hosted on GitHub or elsewhere.

   Forward Error Correction (FEC)

>       A method of obtaining error control in data transmission in which the source (transmitter) sends redundant data and the destination (receiver) recognizes only the portion of the data that contains no apparent errors.

Reviewer 2: Can we find another definition that doesn't use the phrase "obtaining error control" ? Even "achieving error correction" ?

Author: > Can we find another definition that doesn't use the phrase "obtaining error control" ? Even "achieving error correction" ?

How about this:  A technique used to minimize errors in data transmission over communication channels

Reviewer 5: Something like this ? "FEC is a technique which adds redundant data to the original message, which can be used to detect and correct errors that occur during transmission over the wireless network improving the overall performance by reducing the number of errors and retransmissions"

      It was initially created for the Linux kernel.
      It uses the Kconfig configuration language.

   Modulation Coding Scheme (MCS)

>       An index defined by the Wi-Fi standards where each index specifies a transmission rate that is a unique combination of various modulation schemes, forward error correction coding rates and spatial streams.

Reviewer 2: This is not strictly true anymore, since the MCS in 11ac and 11ax are no longer unique across bandwidth and spatial streams. This description may have been true in 11n (Wi-Fi 4).

Author: Would the definition be true without the word "unique"?

Reviewer 5: > This is not strictly true anymore, since the MCS in 11ac and 11ax are no longer unique across bandwidth and spatial streams. This description may have been true in 11n (Wi-Fi 4).

Correct, and hence I have not mentioned "bandwidth". 11n is an aberration but since this is a generic definition, I thought we should add the "spatial streams" aspect to this.

Reviewer 2: Let's keep it concise and what it is today, i.e. -
An index defined by the Wi-Fi standards where each index specifies a combination of modulation scheme and forward error correction coding rate.

Reviewer 5: Agree

Author: Fixed.

   Operational Amplifier (op-amp)
      A high-gain voltage amplifier that has a differential input and, usually, a single output.

   Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)
      A type of digital transmission and a method of encoding digital data on multiple carrier frequencies.

   Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA)

>       A multiple access mechanism for shared medium networks based on Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) achieved by assigning subsets of channel sub-carriers to individual users.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
      A multiple access mechanism for shared medium networks based on :term:`Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)` achieved by assigning subsets of channel sub-carriers to individual users.
```

Author: I can do this, but dunno whether it is necessary as the term is just above, next to this item.

   Serial Wire Debug (SWD)
      A standard two-wire interface for programming and debugging Arm CPUs.

>    Service Set Identifier (SSID)

Reviewer: Maybe add BSSID as well

Author: Added.

   Target
      The goal of an operation, for example, programming a specific image on a device, compiling a specific set of files, or removing previously generated files.

   Target Wake Time (TWT)
      A function that allows an access point to define a specific time or set of times for individual devices to access the wireless network.
      It is the mechanism that allows devices to negotiate when and how often they turn on and off, based on when they need to send and receive data.

   Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP)
      A security protocol used in the IEEE 802.11 wireless networking standard.

   Time to First Fix (TTFF)
      The time needed by a :term:`Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS)` module to estimate its position.

   Traffic Indication Map (TIM)

>       A structure used in 802.11 wireless network management frames.

Reviewer: @bama-nordic do we need to explain a bit more on wha TIM is used for?

Reviewer: Same as we explained for DTIM

Reviewer 2: @udaynordic

   Target
      The goal of an operation, for example, programming a specific image on a device, compiling a specific set of files, or removing previously generated files.

   Target Wake Time (TWT)
      A function that allows an access point to define a specific time or set of times for individual devices to access the wireless network.
      It is the mechanism that allows devices to negotiate when and how often they turn on and off, based on when they need to send and receive data.

   Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP)
      A security protocol used in the IEEE 802.11 wireless networking standard.

   Time to First Fix (TTFF)
      The time needed by a :term:`Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS)` module to estimate its position.

   Traffic Indication Map (TIM)

>       A field in the Wi-Fi access point's beacon frame containing information about which Wi-Fi stations have buffered data waiting for them and need to wake up to receive it.
>       This allows devices in power saving mode to stay in a low-power state until they have data waiting for them, which can help to conserve battery power and improve the overall power efficiency of the network.

Reviewer 2: Can we compress this to -
```suggestion
      A field in the Wi-Fi access point's beacon frame containing information about which Wi-Fi stations have buffered data waiting for them.
      This allows devices in power save mode to remain in a low-power state until they have data waiting for them.
```

   West project
      Any of the listed :term:`repositories <Repository>` inside a :term:`West manifest file`.

>    Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Wi-Fi Protected Access® (WPA)
```
